add doc for v5.1: Deploy -> Install TiKV (#231)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/deploy/install/production.md

---
title: Production Deployment
description: Deploy a TiKV Cluster for Production Using TiUP
menu:
    "5.1":
        parent: Install TiKV
        weight: 2
---

This guide describes how to install and deploy TiKV for production environment.

> [TiUP](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup) is a cluster operation and maintenance tool. TiUP provides [TiUP cluster](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/tree/master/components/cluster), a cluster management component written in Golang. By using TiUP cluster, you can easily perform daily operations, including deploying, starting, stopping, destroying, scaling, and upgrading a TiKV cluster, and manage cluster parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TiUP](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup) is a cluster operation and maintenance tool. TiUP provides [TiUP cluster](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/tree/master/components/cluster), a cluster management component written in Golang. By using TiUP cluster, you can easily do daily operations on a TiKV cluster, including deploying, starting, stopping, destroying, scaling, upgrading, and manage cluster parameters.
```
